Mechanised Extraterrestial Work Labourer?

The internals use generic names, so that MULE-izing or please-dont-sue-izing is the responsibility of the UI.

The Wiimote D-pad is rotated 90 degrees between its pointing-at-screen and held-as-gamepad modes. Could be irritating, as not sure if "can't see screen" is a good enough test to trigger a rotate. Makes mixed-use IR and d-pad use awkward, too.

Species are an interesting modelling challenge:
 - The set can concievably be considered to be of flexible size; enum checks are
   nice, so is the factory-style adding of instances.
 - Factory is an ill-fit as instances of a species have no per-instance data.
   (Interface Species with a class for each actual species.)
 - The per-species data falls into two camps: logical (starting cash), and
   user interface (name, description, graphics). Neither is particularly
   priviledged over the other, and neither are instance state to keep
   consistent. Logic will only have one implementation; UI may have many.
 - A class Species with a static instance accessor (e.g. backed by a map)
   allows, say, logic to have accessor methods on each instance, but a different
   pattern must be used for UI (getdescription(species)).
 - A simple enum encodes the only information which is crucial to the species'
   consistency---which one it is---and then either data can be accessed by
   lookup tables. This does rather separate the species definition across
   multiple places, but that's inevitable as we allow for differing UIs; a
   simple struct record cannot know what information every UI may want.

Tuning variables which couldn't be determined from the original game have been marked with 'TWEAK' comments.


http://www2.bitstream.net/~marksim/atarimac/fonts.html

[ GameSetup ]  Title/gametype screen
               Colour selection
               Species selection
[ Game      ]  Landing (display only, and sort-of a random event)
               <starts at Scoreboard for round 0>
               Land grab
               Land auction
               Development - Human - Colony map
                                   - Town
               Development - Computer
               Production (calculate only)
               Random event
               Production (display only)
               Goods auctions
               Scoreboard (possibly for game end)

Sprite tiles are 64x64 and alpha-blend on top of the background. Top-left offset is 32 horizontal and 80 vertical. The mountain is smaller and has 16px horizontal and 4px vertical random wiggle within its subrow (of which there are four).

-- Original game documentation --
Manual:
http://muttoo.on.ca/mulemanual/

Some lists of random events, etc.:
http://strategywiki.org/wiki/M.U.L.E.

At some future point in time, might want to add a 'difficulty' setting to roll in some unreleased Son of MULE features:
http://www.worldofmule.net/tiki-index.php?page=SoMReport
